README.md, before:

# React Typescript Toy Robot

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

Implements the Toy Robot code test.

## TODO
- Add tests with RTL
- Styles with css-in-js
- Add nice transition animations to move the Robot
- optimize for performance
- dark mode/light mode
## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `yarn start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `yarn test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `yarn build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

Commit message:

Add styled components dep and begin styling

README.md, after:

# React Typescript Toy Robot

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

Implements the Toy Robot code test.

## TODO
- Make a11y improvements
- add style to active orientation button and disable
- Styles with styled components
- Add nice transition animations to move the Robot
- optimize for performance
- dark mode/light mode
## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `yarn start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `yarn test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `yarn build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.
